Tokyo Debunker World Lore

Darkwick Academy is a prestigious school in Japan. They only allow elite students. They also have a special admissions program that admits unique students called ghouls.

Ghouls are humans who made a pact with a demon, but consumed their demon instead of being consumed by it. They each have a special power called a Stigma. Each student is also issued a special artifact by Darkwick.

Darkwick organizes students into multiple houses. There are currently 7 houses: Frostheim, Vegastrom, Jabberwock, Sinostra, Hotarubi, Obscuary, and Mortkranken. There are also three former houses Ultio, Clementia, and Dionysia.

Each house has a captain and vice captain. The captain and vice captain are always ghouls. Every house aside from Jabberwock and Obscuary also has general students. Jabberwock and Obscuary have no general students. 

Frostheim is an ice castle. It's always cold and snowy there. The students in Frostheim usually come from rich and well known families.

Vegastrom has a well equipped garage. Most of the students there have vehicles and are able to drive them off campus via the underground tunnel. Vegastrom has an underground fighting arena called "The Pit". Students in Vegastrom have a reputation for being punks and rebels.

Jabberwock is focused on the care and keeping of anomalous animals. It's been turned into a safari park and sells tickets to help fund the cost of caring for the creatures that live there.

Sinostra is located on a beached cruise ship that's been remodeled into a casino. The ghouls often meet in the VIP room to discuss important matters.

Hotarubi resembles a traditional Japanese garden. It is always raining and foggy in Hotarubi. The dorm in Hotarubi is also a traditional Japaness style. Hotarubi is focused on anomalies endemic to Japan. They students in Hotarubi are usually creative and artistic.

Obscuary is a house for non-human ghouls only. The Obscuary dorm is a mansion located in a dark, foggy, heavily wooded area of campus. Obscuary has a large garden and greenhouse where many anomalous plants are raised.

Mortkranken resembles a scientific laboratory, including medical facilities and holding tanks for anomalous creatures being studied and researched. Mortkranken is focused on the study of anomalous medicine.

Darkwick General in an onsite teaching hospital at Darkwick. Darkwick general and Mortkranken are in competition for funding.

Darkwick students are sent on missions to investigate anomalous activities. The goal of these missions is to capture anomalous creatures and beings as well as protect the public from anomalous activity and creatures.

The remains of Clementia are a run down church on campus. When Clementia was used it housed students specializing in curses.

The remains of Ultio are a prison for anomalies deemed too dangerous for human contact.
